again friends of youtube now they
we bring the subject of the pirates of the
caribe ok I'm going to play a part and they are
I will explain
just that for now what I 'm
doing is happening on the scale of reme
nor
okay
to this then we start with the 2 network
what to start in time 1
re re re my fa
the do re re re mi fa fa sun
ok only that part there goes slow
hey I'm only using frets 5
second third fourth fret string 8
of the fourth string 7 and 8 of the of the
third and the 7th fret of the second ok
for the moment, only that
two
everything ok that's the end of the first
section after there is repeated
basically the same no more than without him
without the double do I'm going to touch the two
parts
up there ok the next part continues
starts like there is under we are starting
same with the do network we no longer touch the me
we go straight to the fa and here we see the
Sun to the 8th fret of the second
we return to the sun the network
as always our point of support
it's re we repeat the same part
now if we use the step mic
we want to network
the net
or not
gay
then that last part what's up
we repeat the same figure but in another
rhythmic there we are doing the arpeggio
of we want less in the fifth that is
the same eighth fingers from where
we started after we do the same but
instead of the B flat in the arpeggio of
I'm going through fa and re
ok the regular phase if b flat fa king yes
flat gei there we are doing the
B flat arpeggio
or not
for this is the whole song of the
Pirates of the Caribbean and they already heard it
I explained all the parts is already
touched slowly then they should not
to have no problem with the song
remember that it is about less than
scale of minor
up here up ok to the side
so if you have doubts suggestions
critical comments you know everything
facebook twitter here on youtube always
we are going to answer them we are always going to
do everything possible to answer them all
your doubts then give you like many
likes subscribe if more subscribers and
soon we're going to have more tutorials
under thank you